Review Stats/Regression/Residuals: 
https://www.khanacademy.org/math/statistics-probability/describing-relationships-quantitative-data#residuals-least-squares-rsquared




Supervised Classification Problem (Naive Bayes Lessons)

A problem that has been viewed and the correct answer is already known
Problem emulates the correct answer through machine learning
give them lots of examples and they will figure out what is right


Supervised Classification Examples:
Which Problems are classified as Supervices Classification Examples?
(Data Needs to be labled in order for it to be considerd a classification example,A clear answer of things that are tracked needs to be known)

Correct: From an album of tagged photos, recognize someone in a picture

Incorrect: analyze bank data for wierd transactions and flag those for fraud (What would be considered wierd isn't a standard labeld value) It is unsupervised learning

Correct: Given someones music choices and a bunch of features of that music(tempo, genre, etc.), recommend a new song

Incorrect: cluster udacity students into types based on learning styles
Unsupervised learning, dont know types or how much types there are.


Features and Labels:

Ex. Music 
Katie likes the song Let it Go,
We Extract features like intensity, tempo, genre, gender,(Features) from the music, and then katie filters the song into 2 categories, like and dont like (Labels).



To a machine learning person, they would make a scatter plot of the features, 

Ex. Tempo (From relaxed to fast) vs Intensity (Light to soaring)

Each song is a point on the plot, the section on the graph that features the songs that katie likes is one category. 
If a new song is encountered and it falls into that space in the graph, it can be recommend as a song she could like

If the scatterplot is not clearly laid out the information can be unlcear


Ex. Self-Driving Car: The Steepnes and the ruggedness (Features) of a car is information that is gathered, the correct answer of wheter you should drive slow or fast (Labels) is put into categories

Make scatterplot: Ruggedness can be measured with bumpiness (from smooth to bad), and Steepness can be measured wtih slope (from flat to very steep) plot the points and label them as you should drive fast or drive slow

Bumpiness vs Steepness plot


1 axis of the for each feature


A machine learning algorithm defines something called a Decision Surfaces. On one side, it defines them as one label, and on the other side it defines them as the other label.


Algorithm: Takes in Data ->  Transforms it to Decision Surface to make decisions on future cases




Naive Bayes is an example of an alorightm to find a Decision Surface.

Always Fit your data and test your accuracy on a different set of data. So a rule of thumb is
keep 10% of your data as just test data and the rest to fit your data.






